# Meeting Minutes (10-03-2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 11:00am - 12:10pm
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204 (Classroom)
* Scribe: Dipesh Paneru

## Agenda
* Discussing about the requirements document.
* Brain storming ideas for Raider Parkour
* Updating our SDP to add the dates for Final Specification

## Notes
* Hayden: Suggested a "HUB" like structure which with 4 outlets, each outlet leading to another track with special characteristics.
            The characteristics suggested are Shrink/Grow, Speed Up, Hit Button, Timed
* Tyler : Re-doing the Gantt Chart to add the dates for the Final Specification due date

## Action Items
Everyone: Become more comfortable with unity as well start requirments document.


## Signatures
* Hayden Troxell, Tyler Wells, Adam LaDue, Immanuel Sabwami, Dipesh Paneru