# Meeting Minutes (09-25-2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 2:00pm 
* Location: Discord
* Scribe: Tyler Wells

## Agenda
* Update SDP
  * Changing dates
  * Change gantt chart
* Reflect on project change

## Notes
Dipesh: Suggested changing dates on gantt chart
Haydan: Suggested updating the justification of our dates 
Tyler: Updated the gantt chart and uploaded to github

## Action Items
Everyone: By our next meetings we need to update our project overview proposal by the end of the week due to project change. 


## Signatures
* Tyler Wells
