# Meeting Minutes (09-26-2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 2:30pm - 4:10pm
* Location: Discord
* Scribe: Tyler Wells

## Agenda
* Update POP
* Update SDP again

## Notes
* Dipesh: Suggested changing dates on gantt chart like before
* Hayden: Getting rid of deployment and changing database
* Tyler: Suggested split meetings potentially due to schedule conflicts (adam and immanuel)

## Action Items
Everyone: By our next meetings we need to update our project overview proposal by the end of the week due to project change. 


## Signatures
* Tyler Wells
* Dipesh Paneru
* Hayden Troxell
* Adam LaDue
* Immanuel Sabwami
