
# Meeting Minutes (11-29-2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 3:30pm - 4:30pm
* Location: Discord
* Scribe: Dipesh Paneru

## Agenda
* Working on making presentation
* Finalising project work

## Notes
* Dipesh: Suggested finishing up our work today so that we can then start working on our presentation.
* Tyler: Showed us his portion of the project i.e menu and asked for our feedback.
* Immanuel: Finalized the assets portion of the project.
* Adam: Discussed about his portion of the project i.e Highscore.

## Action Items
Everyone: By our next meeting we have decided to finish our portions of requirements that we need to do. All of the recording, gifs and screen shots required for the presentation should also be done by the next meeting so that we can start creating our presentation.


## Signatures
* Tyler Wells
* Dipesh Paneru
* Hayden Troxell
* Adam LaDue
* Immanuel Sabwami
