# Meeting Minutes (11-05-2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 11:30am - 12:20pm
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204 (Classroom)
* Scribe: Dipesh Paneru

## Agenda
* Summarize reports and blogspots about poor design in software interfaces
* Plan our next meeting in Discord.

## Notes

### Summary on blogsposts about poor design in software interfaces.

 - https://careerfoundry.com/en/blog/ui-design/common-ui-design-mistakes/

   The article above details the importance of distinction between Primary and Secondary buttons. It emphasizes the value of having different button colours, fill styles, text fonts in buttons to provide visual importance to an action attached to a button. An example of this is :- A button that initiates a payment transaction has to be ideally brightly coloured, filled and must have bold text to make the user aware of the importance of the action that is about to take place. This payment button has to look visually more important than other buttons on the screen so that users are more cautious about pressing it.
   
 - https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/bad-ui-design-examples?srsltid=AfmBOoraJNd2wuIhYTN8fnBRVxXT5NYgWUlySQoEZzErqjCuxpz6W3wu#example_1:_overlapping_elements-0

    The second article elaborates on the importance of having a proper Mobile Implementaion of a webpage. Most users in this day and age use Mobile phones to visit websites. If a website with millions of uses does not work properly on mobile devices with small screens, they are bound to lose clients. In improper mobile implementation the different sections the the webiste overlap each other, buttons cannot be clicked and texts are unreadable or some combination of these factors.

   
## Signatures
* Dipesh Paneru, Tyler Wells
